Add "Note" after various "SHOULD" rules in the spec (#197)
graphql/graphql-over-http: spec/GraphQLOverHTTP.md

Servers and clients MUST support JSON and MAY support other, additional
serialization formats.

> Note: If you allow other media types, particularly on requests, please ensure
> that you are aware of the security consequences of doing so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Allowing other media types, particularly on requests, can be insecure.
```

Author: It's more like "can be insecure if you don't take the necessary precautions/actions".

`Accept` HTTP header as specified in
[RFC7231](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231).

Note: If a client does not supply the `Accept` header then the server may

> respond with an error, or with any content type it chooses. To ensure you client

Reviewer 2: Typo?

```suggestion
respond with an error, or with any content type it chooses. To ensure your client
```

If the client does not supply a `Content-Type` header with a POST request, the
server SHOULD reject the request using the appropriate `4xx` status code.

> Note: This is left as a "should" to allow your server to choose a different
> behavior should it wish to.

Reviewer 2: Is this needed?  As worded, it is no more than a casual definition of `SHOULD`.  If the intent is to reiterate and remind readers that a server can choose to vary behavior when a `SHOULD` is used, consider something like this:

```suggestion
Note: Rejecting such requests encourages clients to supply a `Content-Type` header with every POST request.  A server has the option to assume any media type they wish when none is supplied, with the understanding that parsing the request may fail.
```

A server MAY support POST requests encoded with and/or accepting other media
types.

If a client does not know the media types the server supports then it SHOULD
encode the request body in JSON (i.e. with `Content-Type: application/json`).

Note: Request encoding with media type `application/json` is supported by every

> compliant _server_.

Reviewer 2: minor: My opinion is that italicizing keywords should be used always or never.

Author: The italics actually serves to turn the word into a [spec-md reference](https://spec-md.com/#sec-Definition-References), in this case clarifying that "server" definitely refers to "GraphQL-over-HTTP compliant server" or whatever we defined it to be.

Author: (But I would be perfectly okay with every appropriate mention of client/server being a reference.)

Note: Typically this will be the `400` (Bad Request) status code.

Note: This rule is "should" to maintain compatibility with legacy servers which

> may return 200 status codes even when this type of error occurs.

Reviewer 2: This note implies a changing normative rule that doesn't exist.  Consider rewording.

> may return 200 status codes even when this type of error occurs.

Author: ```suggestion
can return 200 status codes even when this type of error occurs.
```

Note: Typically this will be the `400` (Bad Request) status code.

> Note: This rule is "should" to maintain compatibility with legacy servers which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This rule is "SHOULD" to maintain compatibility with legacy servers which
```
